we saw a couple of Palestinian children
that were rescued from under the rubble
heartbreaking memories as Palestinian
mothers uh farewell their children from
under um the rubble not only that the
rescue workers were having a very hard
time as they were trying their best to
pull more um bodies from under the
rubble the their beloved ones waiting
for the rescue workers to help them
hoping that anyone would be alive the
rescue workers were using their bare
hands very basic equipments to rescue
any Palestinians that were trapped two
of the families that have been killed in
this uh house were
recently evacuated from rafah as they
thought that nsat was a safe space after
the Israeli forces asked them to
evacuate to the central area
um a lot of other
Palestinians uh uh were were were
waiting and still waiting for any news
about um the people still trapped
unfortunately after 19 hours of of
pulling the rubble and trying to rescue
people from under the rebel the rescue
workers said that it's getting dark and
they had to leave uh the bombed house
and they're going to return uh tomorrow
in the morning as there are still dozens
of pales iians trapped under the rubble
and their families are going to wait for
them until they remove them and pull
them from under the
rubble make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler